I didn't feel such documentation to be necessary at all. It was really a seamless process for me personally. If people would be more patient and take more time with these things, they would have less complaints.
The website was a little cluttered, or could've been set up a little more organized, but it was nothing that pushed me away from the site or gave me any negative feelings toward the site or the way it operated.
The website was less cluttered, more not finding the right thing right away. As in, it was difficult to find some things right away, or things were not in the places they usually would be with a website.
This website was slightly different than some of the other information gathering websites that are comparable to this one, but nothing that was too out of the ordinary or hard to understand in any way.
I really didn't see any extra sections for help or guidance of the website, other than the contact page. Some more helpful navigation tools or frequently asked questions may help the situation.
I feel that the overall layout of the website could be fixed. It seems really lackluster, and cheap. I feel that it needs some more content and professionalism, as well as more direction.
I felt that the website was very responsive, and did exactly what I wanted it to. I had no issues finding a contact email or running the tennis simulation like described in the HIT.
The layout could be a little better and also things more organized. Finding a place where things should go compared to links just placed without any consideration the placement.
I could not click on the website link from this survey. I had to copy and paste the website address from inside the parenthesis. The site was easy to navigate through.
I'm not sure what the point of the tennis simulation part was for. I think the website is trying to convey a simple way to handle equations of business.
The website had all of the helpful and necessary documentation that I needed. There was nothing about it that was confusing to me in any way.
I do not agree with this comment. I feel like this web design is basic and easy to navigate through. I feel like I've seen similar sites.
no, the website design looks so good and there was no confusion and the website provided everything good for easy understanding.
I do agree it is a little cluttered. The layout of information could be put it in drop down tabs on the top of the website.
The documentation is understandable. The other people may not be familiar with the type of material that is on the website.
I have never used a website similar to this.  I think this website is easy to use and understand and has interesting tools.
I found it very easy to get the information I wanted from this site.  I can't imagine it to be easier anywhere else.
There is no elaboration for the new calculations but I'm assuming some of that would be in the book advertised.
It seems quite simple and quite navigable to me. I found myself flowing from page to page with relative ease.
The website doesn't tell me what it is, it immediately wants to sell me a book I have no knowledge about.
it looks like many websites i see today, maybe not with the same content, but it was very accessible.
the website provided everything i was looking for, and in the first places i suspected them to be.
I don't see how it would be hard to navigate, there are all the links on the top and left side...
Everything is clearly labeled in the bar on the side and the site is the opposite of cluttered.
No, this site is as simplistic as it gets. Only a fool couldn't navigate this site with ease.
I did not have any issues at all so i disagree. everything was where i had expected it to be.
The website did not explain how some of its probability tools and models work very well.
the websites looked clear and were easy for me to use. wasn't confusing or cluttered
I thought the website was fairly easy to navigate and didn't do anything unexpected.
I thought the information was easy to understand and the website was designed well.
I didn't have this problem because I didn't have a problem understanding anything.
It's definitely not cluttered, if anything I'd like to see more content on there.
the website design looks good and there was no confusion in the website design.
It's not overly cluttered, but enough to think of why someone would make this.
The website was relatively easy to navigate and not difficult at all to use.
It is not cluttered at all. It is very clean. Everything is neatly labeled.
I've never really seen a website like this but I had no trouble with it.
I thought the website was well spaced.  The sidebar was very helpful
I think the page is relatively straightforward and easy to navigate.
The website was relatively minimalist and easy to understand.
I didn't come across this problem, I understood everything.
There should be a search bar at the top of the navigation!
I was never asked to confirm a change before continuing.
no. the interface was very easy to work and understand.
the website works well and i find there is no problem.
The site has a clean design and is not cluttered
Website seems normal compared to other websites.
I didn't have any trouble navigating the site.
I agree, it looks slapped together and ugly.
I thought the website looked nice and clean.
I found the website very easy to understand
Website gives plenty of contact resources.
This website is laid out poorly and ugly.
I was able to easily understand the site
I had no problem navigating the website
seems pretty easy to go to other links
The site is comparable to other sites
I found the website easy to navigate.
I think the site is easy to navigate
I found it very easy to understand
The website was self explanatory