I feel that the website was very responsive to every single move that I made. Also, it was extremely simple to find the answers to the questions listed in the HIT. Everything was placed according to common sense.
There is some things that are normal to see on the website. The thing that is most different, in my opinion, is the schedule. When you click on the team it opens up a new page with the information on it.
I did not encounter any technical difficulties, but I did have to search for the information. For example, I had to click on "TEAM" to find out who the faculty adviser and alumni were.
The website was not cluttered at all. The navigation links at the top were simple to follow, and the information displayed was tight, and legible. No clutter was found in my case.
I have gathered information from a couple of these websites now and they have all been nearly identical. There is nothing confusing about it or hard about it at all in my opinion.
I thought the website provided it's job very well, and I knew exactly where to click right away. Every single link I visited provided the exact information that I wanted.
I neither agree nor disagree with these comments, as I do not normally view cricket websites. However, it did not take me too long to find out the information.
The website was very similar to sites of the same genre. All of the information that I needed to access was in their respective places, and in plain view.
I did not find the website design cluttered; however, some people may find the large background image of the cricket team to be a bit too much.
I did not have any trouble with what the website was doing. When I clicked on a link, it took me to that link quickly and without problem.
The website is different but if anything it made navigation easier as the links were readily available at the top of the screen.
It was never unclear what the purpose of this website was, or how to find information that I was seeking.
it looks like many websites i see today, maybe not with the same content, but it was very accessible.
Not only did I believe this webpage was not cluttered, I actually thought it was quite spacious.
I did not have any issues at all so i disagree. everything was where i had expected it to be.
Your listed link is broken but I had no problems with the website itself once I got there.
It may be hard for someone who doesn't know cricket, but otherwise it's plain and simple.
the websites looked clear and were easy for me to use. wasn't confusing or cluttered
It was a little difficult just because information wasn't where I expected it to be.
There is some information I expected to find in certain sections that wasn't there.
I actually love how i looks with the pictures and the font.  It isn't cluttered.
The website was very easy to navigate and I never experienced any issues.
i understood the main point as to what the website was trying to do.
I have no experience with the websites, so it was fine.
Don't visit many similar websites, but again, was fine.
The information on the site was clear and easy to read
It looked a bit different but was easy to navigate
No, it wasn't cluttered. It was very streamlined.
kind of hard to understand with alot of writing
I felt it was an easy & straight-forward format
The site is typical of other sites I have seen
The design is fine, not cluttered at all.
I had no trouble navigating the website.
I think the site is easy to understnad
It was actually not cluttered at all
The links and everything worked fine
I thought it was neat and organized.
The website is easy to understand.
I think the navigation worked well
It seemed like other sites to me.
Website was clear to understand.
No, i had no issues whatsoever.
I understood what it was doing.
everything worked great for me