I agree with this somewhat. The first thing I noticed about the website when I clicked on the home page was a lack of information. The home page should give a good description of what the initiative is all about and have a call to action. It should be more obvious where to go from there.
The only concern I have is that registering for the event is not clearly posted on the main page. You have to go to a seperate website in order to register. Everything else is how I expected it to be. The menu links lead to the pages that they should lead to.
The website was very similar to websites that I have visited before. All of the information that I needed to access was in their respective places, and in plain view. There was nothing out of place that distracted me.
I feel that the website was very responsive to every single move that I made. Also, it was extremely simple to find the answers to the questions listed in the HIT. Everything was placed according to common sense.
I didn't feel such documentation to be necessary at all. It was really a seamless process for me personally. If people would be more patient and take more time with these things, they would have less complaints.
The website was a little cluttered, or could've been set up a little more organized, but it was nothing that pushed me away from the site or gave me any negative feelings toward the site or the way it operated.
The website was less cluttered, more not finding the right thing right away. As in, it was difficult to find some things right away, or things were not in the places they usually would be with a website.
I didn't think that the website looked too cluttered. I guess it's possible that they could've made things easier, but all in all, it's nothing that needs much time or attention focused on in my opinion.
There is some things that are normal to see on the website. The thing that is most different, in my opinion, is the schedule. When you click on the team it opens up a new page with the information on it.
This website was slightly different than some of the other information gathering websites that are comparable to this one, but nothing that was too out of the ordinary or hard to understand in any way.
Because page content on http://www.harvardusindiainitiative.com/ does not 'hide' behind the menu, when I scrolled down the page started to look cluttered because of the overlapping text and images.
If anything, I suggest making the labels have some sort of subheading. It seems somewhat simplistic and might be harder for the less computer literate to gain a strong understanding of the site.
I really didn't see any extra sections for help or guidance of the website, other than the contact page. Some more helpful navigation tools or frequently asked questions may help the situation.
I feel that the overall layout of the website could be fixed. It seems really lackluster, and cheap. I feel that it needs some more content and professionalism, as well as more direction.
I agree with this. It took me a little while (or longer than it should have) to figure out the point of the site. This could be improved upon by having more information on the home page.
I did not encounter any technical difficulties, but I did have to search for the information. For example, I had to click on "TEAM" to find out who the faculty adviser and alumni were.
I felt that the website was very responsive, and did exactly what I wanted it to. I had no issues finding a contact email or running the tennis simulation like described in the HIT.
The website was not cluttered at all. The navigation links at the top were simple to follow, and the information displayed was tight, and legible. No clutter was found in my case.
I have gathered information from a couple of these websites now and they have all been nearly identical. There is nothing confusing about it or hard about it at all in my opinion.
The layout could be a little better and also things more organized. Finding a place where things should go compared to links just placed without any consideration the placement.
I didn't have any problems navigating these webpages. I had no disruptions or anything that tried to make me perform a certain action before continuing. Very straight-forward.
The website was very easy to navigate, and I knew exactly where to go to find the information that I needed. Everything that I clicked was responsive, and in working order.
The underlined heading "Register Here" on http://www.harvardindiainitiative.com/#!registration/con8 may have confused some people as they might have thought it was a link
I thought the website provided it's job very well, and I knew exactly where to click right away. Every single link I visited provided the exact information that I wanted.
I could not click on the website link from this survey. I had to copy and paste the website address from inside the parenthesis. The site was easy to navigate through.
it wasn't hard or easy to navigat this page. Perhaps you could add a drop-down list to the main pages(Home, About, etc.) It was hard to find the "registration" page.
I was slightly confused about where to sign up for the conference, "Apply Here" was on the page and I was expecting to see something like "Sign up" or "Register"
I neither agree nor disagree with these comments, as I do not normally view cricket websites. However, it did not take me too long to find out the information.
The website was very similar to sites of the same genre. All of the information that I needed to access was in their respective places, and in plain view.
I'm not sure what the point of the tennis simulation part was for. I think the website is trying to convey a simple way to handle equations of business.
The website was not cluttered to me at all. I felt that everything was spaced properly, and the text was very easy to read, as well as organized.
I'm not sure how different this site is to comparable sites but I do think it could be better organized to make actions a little more intuitive.
I did not find the website design cluttered; however, some people may find the large background image of the cricket team to be a bit too much.
The website had all of the helpful and necessary documentation that I needed. There was nothing about it that was confusing to me in any way.
I can't imagine what issues anyone had with this website. It was very easy to navigate, self-explanatory and not difficult in the slightest.
I did not have any trouble with what the website was doing. When I clicked on a link, it took me to that link quickly and without problem.
I do not agree with this comment. I feel like this web design is basic and easy to navigate through. I feel like I've seen similar sites.
I thought the website presented itself as easy to use, and I knew exactly what to do with the information once I reached the site.
no, the website design looks so good and there was no confusion and the website provided everything good for easy understanding.
The website is different but if anything it made navigation easier as the links were readily available at the top of the screen.
Most websites have menus to navigate the site just like the one linked to above. I don't feel anything needs to be improved.
I do agree it is a little cluttered. The layout of information could be put it in drop down tabs on the top of the website.
The documentation is understandable. The other people may not be familiar with the type of material that is on the website.
I have never used a website similar to this.  I think this website is easy to use and understand and has interesting tools.
It was very clear to me what the website was doing and what purpose the website served. Very easy to comprehend on my end.
It did not ask me to make changes, but I had to reload the registration page twice before it would let me view the page.
It did not look cluttered, but some of the information was hidden in the other page and not placed on the main pages.
I found it very easy to get the information I wanted from this site.  I can't imagine it to be easier anywhere else.
This is one of the most fluidly designed websites I've seen in a while and I hardly agree with the above statements.
There is far less clutter on this page than others. I found it realitvely easy to navigate and find information.
There is no elaboration for the new calculations but I'm assuming some of that would be in the book advertised.
Although registering took a bit of guesswork, it most certainly was not difficult at all for me to get around.
It seems quite simple and quite navigable to me. I found myself flowing from page to page with relative ease.
Navigation seemed fine and I had no problems with the site or links causing behavior that I did not expect
I disagree as long as you can read you'll know what to do,previous participants must of not paid attention
The website doesn't tell me what it is, it immediately wants to sell me a book I have no knowledge about.
There are descriptions on every page. There should be no confusion as to what it is supposed to be about.
It was never unclear what the purpose of this website was, or how to find information that I was seeking.
it looks like many websites i see today, maybe not with the same content, but it was very accessible.
it looks like many websites i see today, maybe not with the same content, but it was very accessible.
it looks like many websites i see today, maybe not with the same content, but it was very accessible.
the website provided everything i was looking for, and in the first places i suspected them to be.
I don't see how it would be hard to navigate, there are all the links on the top and left side...
Not only did I believe this webpage was not cluttered, I actually thought it was quite spacious.
Everything is clearly labeled in the bar on the side and the site is the opposite of cluttered.
No, this site is as simplistic as it gets. Only a fool couldn't navigate this site with ease.
I did not have any issues at all so i disagree. everything was where i had expected it to be.
I did not have any issues at all so i disagree. everything was where i had expected it to be.
I didn't find the website to be cluttered at all. I think it is a very good site visually.
Your listed link is broken but I had no problems with the website itself once I got there.
It may be hard for someone who doesn't know cricket, but otherwise it's plain and simple.
The website did not explain how some of its probability tools and models work very well.
the websites looked clear and were easy for me to use. wasn't confusing or cluttered
I thought the website was fairly easy to navigate and didn't do anything unexpected.
the websites looked clear and were easy for me to use. wasn't confusing or cluttered
the websites looked clear and were easy for me to use. wasn't confusing or cluttered
It was a little difficult just because information wasn't where I expected it to be.
I thought the information was easy to understand and the website was designed well.
There is some information I expected to find in certain sections that wasn't there.
I didn't have this problem because I didn't have a problem understanding anything.
It's definitely not cluttered, if anything I'd like to see more content on there.
not sure, i think it looks great who ever created it did a good job on the design
I actually love how i looks with the pictures and the font.  It isn't cluttered.
the website design looks good and there was no confusion in the website design.
It's not overly cluttered, but enough to think of why someone would make this.
The website was relatively easy to navigate and not difficult at all to use.
It is not cluttered at all. It is very clean. Everything is neatly labeled.
The website was very easy to navigate and I never experienced any issues.
I've never really seen a website like this but I had no trouble with it.
I guess I don't know what you mean by "doing" What is it supposed to do?
The floating menu at the top of the page blends in with background text.
I thought the website was well spaced.  The sidebar was very helpful
I think the page is relatively straightforward and easy to navigate.
i understood the main point as to what the website was trying to do.
i understood the main point as to what the website was trying to do.
Not true i find it easy to understand, no need for improvements
They layout looks familar and similar to other sites I've seen
The website was relatively minimalist and easy to understand.
I didn't come across this problem, I understood everything.
i had no problems interacting with the webpage all was good
There should be a search bar at the top of the navigation!
So far, I haven't had any troubles navigating the website.
I was never asked to confirm a change before continuing.
no. the interface was very easy to work and understand.
I have no experience with the websites, so it was fine.
Don't visit many similar websites, but again, was fine.
the website works well and i find there is no problem.
I think the layout is fine and does not look cluttered
The information on the site was clear and easy to read
I actually thought it was pretty simple and clean.
It looked a bit different but was easy to navigate
No, it wasn't cluttered. It was very streamlined.
The site has a clean design and is not cluttered
Website seems normal compared to other websites.
I didn't have any issues navigating the website.
I had no problems navigating the webpage myself.
I did not have any issues at all so i disagree.
kind of hard to understand with alot of writing
I felt it was an easy & straight-forward format
I didn't have any trouble navigating the site.
The site is typical of other sites I have seen
I agree, it looks slapped together and ugly.
I thought the website looked nice and clean.
I thought the website was easy to comprehend
I found the website very easy to understand
Hire a better coder so it will look better.
Website gives plenty of contact resources.
yeah seems aliitle hard and time consuming
This website is laid out poorly and ugly.
The design is fine, not cluttered at all.
I was able to easily understand the site
seems simple to navigate through website
I understood what the website was doing.
I had no trouble navigating the website.
I had no problem navigating the website
I thought the site was easy to navigate
seems pretty easy to go to other links
The website did not behave abnormally.
I think the site is easy to understnad
The site is comparable to other sites
I found the website easy to navigate.
I think the site is easy to navigate
It was actually not cluttered at all
The links and everything worked fine
I thought it was neat and organized.
It doesn't seem all that different.
I found it very easy to understand
The website is easy to understand.
I think the navigation worked well
It seemed like other sites to me.
The website was self explanatory
Website was clear to understand.
No, i had no issues whatsoever.
I understood what it was doing.
The website was not cluttered.
everything worked great for me
some stuff seems kinda useles
yea not sure how to get info
yes because they wrote alot
yup it was too much writing
yea i wasnt sure what to do
The website seemed normal.
It seemed intuitive to me.
The website seemed normal.
It does not look cluttered
Website is not cluttered.
its about the two schools
Worked fine. No comments.
its about the two school
yea has alot of writing
Seemed straightforward.
Everything worked well.
yes seems to run fine
Not cluttered at all.
The website was fine.
Website seemed fine.
it has alot of links
it has alot of info
it seems fine to me
Easy to understand.
Navigation is easy.
It was easy for me.
seems pretty easy
I had no problems
easy to navigate
easy navigation
no seems simple
easy navigation
maybe alittle
im not sure
yes it was
[Finished in 0.2s]